= Fast

DSL for file handling focused in intuitivity and semantics. 

Library is pure Ruby 1.8.7, no FileUtils nor other dependencies (except Metafun for DSL delegation)

== Installation

Don't install right now, as 13-09-2011 this is pre-alpha, but in intensive development.

== Philosophy

<tt>Fast</tt> embraces the more straightforward view of files as strings of data and directories as arrays of files/directories. Some arguments:

* It is more realistic in everyday usage
* It makes them more object-like (and thus, more friendly to OOP)
* Is more semantic
* Files as IOs are still accessible through the harder-to-use native Ruby API

<tt>Fast::Dir</tt> is a subclass of <tt>Array</tt>, usable as a hash, and <tt>Fast::File</tt> if a subclass of String.

== Quick notes
* Read bytes as binary ASCII-8BIT always and then try to perform an heuristic conversion, if there is any reasonable way to do it. Otherwise, leave it to the user. Google: "ruby string encode utf-8 ascii" for some good readings.
* Describe the SubSetter pattern for filtering. 
* File lists as returned by Fast::Dir#list and Fast::Dir#dirs will be filtered after the list is retrieved by a set of filtering methods of the returned list, which should be an instance of Fast::Dir. 
* An instance of Fast::Dir should be possible to be created from a Array.
* The path can be setted indirectly by any method of Fast::File instances, and the same works for Dir. This is fine because allows for very quick calls, but once an instance gets a path setted it should be fixed and raise an exception in case some other method call is trying to change it.

== Remote future
* Make Fast a REST client (well, use <tt>rest-client</tt>) in order to transparently use files and directories from a compliant REST server. 
* Include REST methods: Dir#post, File#get, File#head, etc
* Allow Files to behave as Dirs with the right method calls

== License

GPL License. Why else?

@ Xavier Via
